Now it's time to make the component working
as before let's switch back over to our editor
before we moving on here
I want to change how passing the name into
vote component because it never change
so we don't need the dynamic binding just like so
let me see.
OK we have the same thing.
Let's also make changes in _answer.blade.php. Remove
the quote and colon because again answer should
be static and never change
in all answers.
All right let's switch to vote dot vue
jump to template
here in vote up button let's add v-on click prevent
and call vote up method.
Let's copy these
And then in the vote down button we can paste
the code and change the method to vote down.
All right
now let's define both vote up and vote down method in our script.
But before that let me see the route
OK
here we have three uri patterns
answers
answer vote questions question vote.
So we have to define dynamic endpoint in this case.
And let me copy one of those
here I'll define id property to store answer id or question Id.
And then here in computed property let's define endpoint method
and here we simply say return back tick
forward slash and I'll paste the uri pattern.
Here the second segment will be model id
and first segment will be questions or answers
both in plural. How can we handle this stuff?
The simple solution is to leave the `s` on the end
and change the singular name with this dot name
so when enter the name with `question`
this will be `questions` and when we enter the name
with `answer` this first segment will be `answers`.
All right
Let's go to methods property
and here let's define vote up method.
Now the logic will be the same with vote down
so here we'll call another method let's say
underscore vote
and pass in positive one
then let's define vote down method
and then call underscore vote and pass in negative one.
And now let's defend the underscore vote method
it should be has an argument here I'm going to call it vote.
Here we will send ajax post request by saying axios
post specify the request endpoint
and pass in the request payload.
So if you open vote answers controller here we need the vote
so here vote colon vote or you can use object
literal property value shorthand like this.
And then after the ajax requests successfully sent
let's show a flash message
and I'll put the flash message on the bottom left.
We also need to change the votes count
for now let's add the count with vote.
So this is a temporary solution.
Later we'll come back here and fix this. Alright
let's open vote answer controller. And
here
let's return message
in json response
message and here I'll say "thanks for the feedback"
OK let's save all changes
and let's see reload the page.
Let me open console to see whether I find error or not.
OK
There was no error
here
I'm going to hit the vote up
OK
The number increasing and the
success flossed messages show up.
Now I'm going to hit the vote down.
The number decreasing and the flash message show up.
Now if I tried to hit the vote up or a vote down continuously
the number will be increasing or decreasing.
So let's fix this.